i know you guys assume i have no
sympathy
for maddie lynn burner and maybe this
video would be
more entertaining if i had no sympathy
for maddie lindberger but i do you know
i can
sympathize i can see the tragedy
within the life that she sees as
triumphant think about this newspaper
article
and the impact it would have had on her
this is the daily star a major
mainstream newspaper in england stunning
blonde the subtitle a gorgeous
blonde jump to the highlighted text
there
for some completely unknown reason
maddie chose to only wear some tiny
knickers and a vest
i in british english is that the
definition of the word vest
you would call that a vest i would not
say that she's
wearing a vest and you know
as observed and irrational as this phase
of her quest for fame was
this is worse this is worse when she
took that next step
of trying to make money out of having
six-pack abs
of trying to be hashtag goals
when she tried to create and sustain
this extreme and unsustainable
body image this was a step into madness
this was a step
from selling sex to selling what's
ultimately kind of
self-destruction and i do think there
are self-destructive
elements to earning your living
by sheer dent of your sex appeal
even when it's effortless even when you
just
happen to be born with what people
perceive as an incredibly beautiful
face have you ever stopped to think for
a moment
about how messed up it must be for
johnny depp
to have had so much success handed to
him
as a teenager just because of the shape
of his face
he didn't choose this he didn't work
hard for this
and i remember it's a distant memory but
i remember just
millions of people in america going nuts
over this guy
not because he was a good actor not
because he had a great voice not because
he was
athletic not because he accomplished
something or did something he didn't win
a medal at the olympics which is already
pretty meaningless but whatever if you
went to the olympics and you threw a
javelin
and you threw the javelin further than
anyone else and people cheer for you
you can look back at that and say well
you trained really hard at throwing a
javelin and you
threw it further than anyone else no
this
dude just happened to be born
with a pretty face and it was made
easy for him to make millions of dollars
out of that pretty face and maddie lim
berner doesn't
have a pretty face she never had a
pretty face she never
will have a pretty face she has this
enormous
insuperable disadvantage and yet she's
trying to play
the same game as johnny depp she's
trying to compete against these
thousands and millions of other women
who are also trying to be sex symbols
who are trying to get
money fame power and respect but they do
have pretty faces someone like johnny
depp is standing on the top of a hill
and all he has to do is roll the ball
down the hill
to win it's so effortless for him it's
so easy for him and someone like maddie
lindberner is trying to push the ball
up the hill she's always working against
this terrible disadvantage she's at
so what does she do she over compensates
she over compensates by trying to be
skinnier than everyone else
more muscular than everyone else she
shows you that she can have six-pack abs
she's raging against the indifference of
the internet
to her earlier phase of selling herself
simply as a sex object and i do
have sympathy for maddie limburner i
think that's a really sad
really tragic struggle she got stuck in
and i have sympathy
for people like johnny depp and people
like belle delphine too
because you don't choose your face you
don't choose your body
you only get to choose what you do with
it and
when you're on the top of that hill and
all you have to do is roll the ball down
the hill to win
it's so tempting and there's so much
money and there's so much reward and
you're getting so much positive flattery
even if it's just
on instagram if you'll just roll the
ball down the hill it's so easy
to get trapped in a life that's
meaningless when you're born
simply with a pretty face in the old
days the conventional wisdom to tack on
at this point would be to say
every day hundreds of young men
get off a greyhound bus in los angeles
california
for their chance their tiny chance
to be the next johnny depp and every day
hundreds of young women
go to los angeles california and attend
casting sessions hoping to be the next
belle delphine or whatever it is
but the reality is in the year 2020
there's no longer any such barrier to
entry
it's not that people have to buy a bus
ticket or go to la
or attend an audition you and i everyone
in the world
can have our chance to be the next
johnny depp or our chance to be the next
belle delphine
here and now sitting at our computers
upload pictures to instagram upload
videos to youtube
get an only fans start selling your body
via the internet and it's not hundreds
of people per day
it's millions and the knock on
negative consequences of cashing in on
your pretty face or your athletic figure
your body whatever it is you've got to
cash in on your boobs your ass
the negative consequences are 100
percent
certain and definite whereas the
positive outcomes the possibility
of having wealth and fame enough to
compensate you
for the loss of dignity the loss of all
other educational career opportunities
the loss the loss of the possibility
from my perspective
of having a meaningful life there's just
no way
to make those numbers balance out but
right now in 2020 it's not hundreds it's
not thousands
it's millions who are just as desperate
as maddie limberner
and who are willing to press the limits
of what's biologically possible
to starve themselves or exercise
themselves in some cases
using performance-enhancing drugs
steroids
they will do whatever it takes
and they're not questioning the product
they're not questioning the process
they're not questioning all the really
valuable things that will
definitely be lost in exchange for that
remote possibility of something they
want to gain
that's really quite vain
and vile and evil and wrong
you shouldn't want to be the next johnny
depp
you shouldn't want to be the next belle
delphine
and if you have a daughter who happens
to have a pretty face
like belle delphine you'd be counseling
them saying look kid
here's what you should do with your life
don't end up like belle delphine and if
you have a daughter
that looks like maddie lindberner i
think you'd be giving her all the same
advice
but more because you'd say look don't
ruin your life for your remote chance to
be like delphine and here's the fact kid
you're born with a bunch of
disadvantages that means it'll never be
easy for you it'll
never be for you what it was for johnny
depp
i was just like ready to completely
give up i was struggling with really bad
anxiety depression
my skin was horrible this is me right
now
by the way no filter um
overall i just feel a lot
more i feel calm level-headed
i feel satiated after eating meals i
don't constantly feel like i'm
hungry all the time i just can't imagine
any reason why somebody who slimmed down
from the bikini photo on the left
to look like the bikini photo on the
right would
experience hunger all the time i just
it's just really difficult to put
together
the clues to assemble the puzzle pieces
to unravel
this mystery the worst pain i've ever
felt
in my entire life to the point where i
was throwing up
every single time i got my period
because the pain was so intense
shaking pain shooting all the way down
into my legs
i was taking morphine for the pain
and that wasn't even touching the pain
and this is cured by eggs
she wants you to believe that this
medical condition
whatever it may be is cured
by eating eggs and fish what do you
think
what do you think is the atom contained
in a chicken egg
what do you think is the chemical
contained in fish meat
that solve this problem for you it's not
like a
major diet change for me that's right
it's not a major diet change
it's a major ethical change it's a
change in your political identity
it's a change in the kind of difference
you're trying
in your small way to make in this world
let's keep it all the way real here
i could convert to islam and it wouldn't
be
all that much of a change in my life i
would go from being a cynical as hell
atheist to being a cynical as hell
muslim
i could convert to mormonism and i
wouldn't change that much it wouldn't be
that much of a change
in my life but when it comes right down
to it like ethically
when people pray do you think they're
talking
to someone else or do you think they're
just talking to themselves
like ethically are you gonna take the
stand and say no
i just i don't believe in prayer
something as simple as that
without even getting into i don't
believe in circumcision i don't believe
in making excuses for circumcision
and i don't believe that joseph smith
actually received a magical solid gold
book from god
and i don't believe joseph smith
translated ancient egyptian scriptures
and
all this other nonsense that's bundled
up in mormonism but like just
on that simple fundamental level are you
willing to say
no when people pray they're talking to
themselves
with veganism are you willing to make
that commitment
to say look when people kill animals
just to keep
themselves alive they're doing something
that's fundamentally
bad and evil and avertable
and wrong so i decided to include a very
small amount of animal products
in test it see how it goes and
um the proof is in the pudding
when i started to include animal
products i started to notice
a big difference that's that's it that's
my truth
that's how i feel and um